
a) The hardest part for me was the beginning in structure. I often find myself struggling to decide on a good structure to use. In this project I started to make nested dictionaries instead of objects which is fine but not as great. So that took some time thinking it over.

b) One major issue is that one mis-input from the user will crash the program. There is no fallback such as when the user types in a media type that's not a book, game, anime, or movie. Also, when I created the sort and filter, I was going to put the filtered media items into a new separate list and then also sort it within the main list and sub-media list. Although, I ended up just printing the filtered list directly and then changing the main list when sorting.

c) Yes, I used AI. One way was debugging and explaining my thought process. I like talking it over with someone while I code so I would explain what I was going to do and ask AI what they felt about it. Also when a bug occurs I would explain what was happening and go through and either find the bug or AI would help explain why it wasn't working as intended. An example of this would be that I originally was going to use embedded dictionaries so I turned the rating or any number input into strings. Later I changed it to a hashmap system but I used numbers. If the user entered 5 it would turn 5 into a string and not map it out as the 5 in the hashmap was an integer. AI helped catch this mistake. Another usage was UI/display. I would tell it to help me come up with a user friendly display concept. Lastly, I used AI in finding new functions to use. As an example, refreshing my memory on how to use open with, as I only used JSON files once, or vars, in which I was going to use a for loop but I learned you can just write vars and it copies all my object data into a dictionary format.

d) I mentioned this a little but changing from using a list of dictionaries to hold the media item data to using classes was big for me. Using classes and objects creates a much more organized and scalable program. Unlike dictionaries where it's hard to scale and read sometimes. Creating functions within my class makes the probability that I misspell something or something along those lines less likely as you can do object.name. Like I said with scalability, I can create multiple different media types and if I wanted to make a small change I can just inherit from the parent and add a function or change an attribute. If I used dictionaries I would have to make a whole new one and if you're doing this at a large scale it's hard to manage.

e) There are tradeoffs though. One such was that if I just used dictionaries when transferring the data to a JSON file, I wouldn't need to unload the object data and turn it into a dictionary. This process could have been a little easier for me. Also the convenience — using classes give great structure but if I just wanted to quickly add something to a dictionary I can just add it, whilst using classes I would need a constructor or change methods and functions within the class. Overall, despite these downsides, classes make programming this much better than it would be using dictionaries.

f) There are a few bugs, some of which I talked about. One is the program crashing if you enter a wrong input. Another limitation is that I hardcoded the media types. You can only enter books, movies, anime, and games. Maybe I could somehow create a brand new class and just ask the user to enter what type of media they want. I'm not sure how it would work but this is a pretty big limitation.
